/home/imitation/.local/lib/python3.10/site-packages/torchvision/models/_utils.py:208: UserWarning: The parameter 'pretrained' is deprecated since 0.13 and may be removed in the future, please use 'weights' instead.
  warnings.warn(
/home/imitation/.local/lib/python3.10/site-packages/torchvision/models/_utils.py:223: UserWarning: Arguments other than a weight enum or `None` for 'weights' are deprecated since 0.13 and may be removed in the future. The current behavior is equivalent to passing `weights=ResNet18_Weights.IMAGENET1K_V1`. You can also use `weights=ResNet18_Weights.DEFAULT` to get the most up-to-date weights.
  warnings.warn(msg)
/mnt/c/Users/cbrnt/OneDrive/문서/act-plus-plus/imitate_episodes.py:320: FutureWarning: You are using `torch.load` with `weights_only=False` (the current default value), which uses the default pickle module implicitly. It is possible to construct malicious pickle data which will execute arbitrary code during unpickling (See https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/main/SECURITY.md#untrusted-models for more details). In a future release, the default value for `weights_only` will be flipped to `True`. This limits the functions that could be executed during unpickling. Arbitrary objects will no longer be allowed to be loaded via this mode unless they are explicitly allowlisted by the user via `torch.serialization.add_safe_globals`. We recommend you start setting `weights_only=True` for any use case where you don't have full control of the loaded file. Please open an issue on GitHub for any issues related to this experimental feature.
  loading_status = policy.deserialize(torch.load(ckpt_path)) #ACT기준 ckpt_path 경로에서 상태 정보를 가져와 / 모델에 로드함
['/mnt/c/Users/cbrnt/OneDrive/문서/act-plus-plus', '/mnt/c/Users/cbrnt/OneDrive/문서/act-plus-plus', '/mnt/c/Users/cbrnt/OneDrive/문서/act-plus-plus/detr', '/usr/lib/python310.zip', '/usr/lib/python3.10', '/usr/lib/python3.10/lib-dynload', '/home/imitation/.local/lib/python3.10/site-packages', '/usr/local/lib/python3.10/dist-packages', '/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages', 'C:\\Users\\cbrnt\\OneDrive\\문서\\act-plus-plus\\detr', 'C:\\Users\\cbrnt\\OneDrive\\문서\\act-plus-plus\\detr\\models']
move_cube_model_5
Namespace(lr=1e-05, lr_backbone=1e-05, batch_size=8, weight_decay=0.0001, epochs=300, lr_drop=200, clip_max_norm=0.1, backbone='resnet18', dilation=False, position_embedding='sine', camera_names=['top'], enc_layers=4, dec_layers=7, dim_feedforward=3200, hidden_dim=512, dropout=0.1, nheads=8, num_queries=100, pre_norm=False, masks=False, eval=True, onscreen_render=True, ckpt_dir='/mnt/c/Users/cbrnt/OneDrive/문서/act-plus-plus/move_cube_model_5', policy_class='ACT', task_name='sim_move_cube_scripted', seed=0, num_steps=5000, kl_weight=10, chunk_size=100, temporal_agg=False, use_vq=False, vq_class=None, vq_dim=None, load_pretrain=False, action_dim=8, eval_every=500, validate_every=500, save_every=500, resume_ckpt_path=None, no_encoder=False, skip_mirrored_data=False, actuator_network_dir=None, history_len=None, future_len=None, prediction_len=None, vq=False, one_arm_policy_config=True)
Use VQ: False, None, None
number of parameters: 83.91M
KL Weight 10
<All keys matched successfully>
Loaded: /mnt/c/Users/cbrnt/OneDrive/문서/act-plus-plus/move_cube_model_5/policy_last.ckpt
BOX_POSE[0] [0.13071792 0.42300139 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.056 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.133 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.256 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.312 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.365 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.421 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.505 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.589 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.674 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.748 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.802 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.863 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.912 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.969 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.020 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.075 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.141 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.123 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.244 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.315 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.377 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.445 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.516 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.589 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.660 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.732 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.875 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.937 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.993 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.066 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.136 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.209 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.301 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.401 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.490 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.551 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.634 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.702 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.782 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.014 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.088 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.149 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.202 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.256 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.306 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.367 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.425 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.486 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.541 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.597 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.650 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.699 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.751 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.804 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.861 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.922 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.003 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.063 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.129 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.255 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.325 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.395 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.457 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.545 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.619 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.689 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.746 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.807 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.863 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.926 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.012 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.094 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.167 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.235 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.300 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.374 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.437 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.486 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.530 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.576 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.635 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.690 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.743 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.800 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.847 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.895 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.958 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.021 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.070 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.139 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.201 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.250 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.303 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.362 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.423 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.492 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.491 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.093 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.199 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.272 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.339 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.422 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.496 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.576 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.647 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.713 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.794 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.872 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.947 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.097 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.158 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.272 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.328 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.394 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.471 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.541 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.606 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.685 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.752 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.831 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.894 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.114 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.253 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.321 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.385 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.462 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.525 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.683 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.761 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.842 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.978 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.040 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.101 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.179 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.258 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.325 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.388 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.462 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.535 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.605 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.675 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.739 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.810 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.874 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.947 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.032 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.091 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.152 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.235 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.301 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.368 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.446 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.522 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.591 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.673 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.743 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.824 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.904 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.982 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.056 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.188 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.253 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.319 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.389 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.450 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.532 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.617 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.688 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.761 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.118 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.859 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.028 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.121 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.203 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.295 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.367 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.451 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.524 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.603 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.676 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.749 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.825 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.884 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.000 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.053 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.327 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.360 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.410 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.470 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.518 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.564 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.668 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.716 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.779 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.899 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.953 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.018 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.067 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.116 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.169 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.234 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.366 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.450 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.533 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.610 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.685 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.764 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.834 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.908 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.981 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.110 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.182 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.259 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.342 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.407 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.479 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.541 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.605 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.668 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.730 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.813 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.888 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.960 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.034 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.120 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.327 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.396 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.468 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.560 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.632 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.703 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.769 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.896 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.973 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.123 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.076 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.144 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.207 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.283 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.356 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.432 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.491 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.548 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.606 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.667 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.733 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.796 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.872 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.933 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.015 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.077 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.137 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.209 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.124 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.313 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.379 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.471 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.553 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.617 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.689 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.750 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.881 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.955 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.024 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.083 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.141 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.214 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.275 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.358 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.421 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.496 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.592 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.671 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.738 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.820 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.891 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.969 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.123 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.203 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.376 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.559 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.627 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.697 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.770 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.826 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.884 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.958 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.031 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.093 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.162 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.255 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.344 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.436 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.504 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.585 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.660 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.145 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.785 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.839 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.887 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.939 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.992 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.054 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.120 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.189 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.259 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.325 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.395 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.462 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.523 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.579 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.624 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.668 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.724 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.776 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.827 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.875 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.933 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.983 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.035 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.091 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.151 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.215 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.285 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.345 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.397 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.451 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.499 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.549 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.597 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.669 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.735 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.793 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.852 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.918 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.982 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.149 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.209 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.271 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.347 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.409 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.457 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.505 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.557 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.604 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.667 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.714 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.763 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.823 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.873 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.940 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.079 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.141 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.203 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.337 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.140 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.457 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.635 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.706 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.870 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.943 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.117 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.176 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.241 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.304 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.376 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.453 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.532 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.618 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.696 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.766 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.826 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.956 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.006 s
Avg fps 10.89154407945961
Rollout 0
episode_return=np.int64(10), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(2), env_max_reward=3, Success: False, Max : 2
BOX_POSE[0] [0.09643828 0.57449491 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.045 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.103 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.162 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.242 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.304 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.369 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.447 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.515 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.576 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.649 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.712 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.791 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.936 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.018 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.088 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.157 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.223 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.320 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.388 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.456 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.529 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.597 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.669 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.736 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.806 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.873 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.938 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.028 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.086 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.138 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.186 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.233 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.286 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.340 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.388 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.438 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.492 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.539 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.597 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.673 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.724 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.775 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.835 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.888 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.938 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.998 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.047 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.105 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.171 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.218 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.282 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.336 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.388 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.446 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.503 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.564 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.629 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.690 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.840 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.907 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.969 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.031 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.080 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.132 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.175 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.228 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.282 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.336 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.390 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.511 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.600 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.663 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.728 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.793 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.868 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.937 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.071 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.127 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.239 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.292 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.352 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.402 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.455 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.516 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.582 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.647 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.705 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.774 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.838 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.909 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.975 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.042 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.106 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.160 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.457 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.647 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.710 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.780 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.847 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.918 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.983 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.061 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.120 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.183 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.248 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.310 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.372 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.433 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.594 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.658 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.719 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.771 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.833 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.887 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.042 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.087 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.168 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.220 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.274 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.315 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.131 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.426 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.474 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.520 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.590 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.638 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.699 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.746 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.801 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.847 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.894 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.064 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.112 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.176 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.230 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.293 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.350 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.421 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.488 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.549 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.628 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.691 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.764 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.824 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.884 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.951 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.029 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.094 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.173 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.252 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.328 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.389 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.466 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.554 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.628 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.701 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.770 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.933 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.009 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.092 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.171 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.253 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.333 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.416 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.513 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.588 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.665 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.751 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.829 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.909 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.079 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.166 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.242 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.324 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.405 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.481 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.559 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.644 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.717 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.870 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.936 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.010 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.076 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.148 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.195 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.259 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.314 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.361 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.655 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.747 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.816 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.101 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.255 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.324 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.397 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.478 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.571 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.712 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.767 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.897 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.111 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.178 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.238 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.286 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.337 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.391 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.445 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.510 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.653 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.729 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.893 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.971 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.042 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.116 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.180 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.337 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.408 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.478 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.546 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.623 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.700 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.774 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.861 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.006 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.075 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.124 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.179 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.251 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.326 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.423 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.510 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.596 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.664 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.737 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.816 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.880 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.937 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.995 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.049 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.109 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.165 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.221 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.292 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.350 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.416 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.479 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.539 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.611 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.686 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.749 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.808 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.872 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.004 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.081 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.166 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.224 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.368 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.452 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.518 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.664 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.747 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.823 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.895 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.965 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.026 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.102 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.186 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.252 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.325 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.394 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.468 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.530 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.590 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.405 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.079 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.121 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.169 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.220 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.276 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.320 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.377 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.424 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.481 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.533 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.598 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.652 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.700 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.749 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.824 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.887 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.957 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.028 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.107 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.177 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.315 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.392 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.453 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.589 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.673 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.738 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.806 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.868 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.011 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.078 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.145 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.208 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.283 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.367 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.444 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.525 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.600 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.683 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.751 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.826 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.902 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.064 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.123 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.180 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.238 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.295 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.352 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.416 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.480 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.541 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.607 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.671 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.736 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.794 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.859 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.998 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.140 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.230 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.312 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.385 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.462 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.535 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.610 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.683 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.753 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.917 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.994 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.068 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.289 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.355 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.418 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.470 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.525 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.595 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.742 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.806 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.881 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.964 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.031 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.103 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.343 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.408 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.481 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.557 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.630 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.708 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.779 s
Avg fps 10.989333141370183
Rollout 1
episode_return=np.int64(0), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(0), env_max_reward=3, Success: False, Max : 0
BOX_POSE[0] [0.00814192 0.47943889 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.126 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.195 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.272 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.337 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.407 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.484 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.560 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.627 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.706 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.772 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.841 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.915 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.983 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.049 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.103 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.161 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.225 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.330 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.460 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.523 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.595 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.726 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.880 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.942 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.000 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.058 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.128 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.204 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.277 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.349 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.419 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.491 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.567 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.629 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.690 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.774 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.864 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.926 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.989 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.127 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.352 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.416 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.473 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.566 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.637 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.698 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.746 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.805 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.850 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.905 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.062 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.947 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.013 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.060 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.110 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.154 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.062 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.196 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.237 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.291 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.360 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.418 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.479 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.538 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.598 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.704 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.761 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.829 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.894 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.997 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.096 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.168 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.231 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.376 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.443 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.497 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.570 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.623 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.692 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.760 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.821 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.902 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.986 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.056 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.193 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.332 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.385 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.436 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.397 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.863 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.925 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.975 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.020 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.069 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.123 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.238 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.352 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.414 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.464 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.512 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.552 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.672 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.726 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.783 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.846 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.894 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.950 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.059 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.990 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.060 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.060 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.070 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.125 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.239 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.284 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.347 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.410 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.471 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.539 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.658 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.718 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.786 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.862 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.922 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.012 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.091 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.159 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.233 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.294 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.358 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.410 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.531 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.584 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.641 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.716 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.805 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.870 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.943 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.014 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.084 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.165 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.220 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.278 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.351 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.411 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.465 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.525 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.586 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.702 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.763 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.822 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.886 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.957 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.017 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.082 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.156 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.225 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.279 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.362 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.447 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.597 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.681 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.762 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.846 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.918 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.001 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.088 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.158 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.228 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.304 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.377 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.443 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.512 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.590 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.671 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.753 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.826 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.909 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.986 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.056 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.189 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.409 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.649 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.714 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.785 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.950 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.015 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.082 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.154 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.217 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.294 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.357 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.425 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.499 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.581 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.648 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.716 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.788 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.849 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.925 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.014 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.094 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.254 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.353 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.125 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.611 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.125 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.716 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.804 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.882 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.962 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.131 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.211 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.287 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.380 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.457 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.542 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.682 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.746 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.887 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.960 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.022 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.102 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.182 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.270 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.370 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.442 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.515 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.592 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.660 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.751 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.828 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.898 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.971 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.049 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.129 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.195 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.275 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.354 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.434 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.515 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.580 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.663 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.745 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.815 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.892 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.977 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.052 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.116 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.183 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.254 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.314 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.470 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.548 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.631 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.700 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.793 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.887 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.977 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.059 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.126 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.217 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.281 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.361 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.440 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.674 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.748 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.893 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.971 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.114 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.184 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.265 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.401 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.647 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.720 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.787 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.881 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.966 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.050 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.131 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.213 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.289 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.378 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.464 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.545 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.739 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.802 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.885 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.945 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.021 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.097 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.187 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.259 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.334 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.397 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.546 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.611 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.681 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.757 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.825 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.895 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.984 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.118 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.083 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.163 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.240 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.305 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.371 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.462 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.550 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.633 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.720 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.874 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.941 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.027 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.097 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.168 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.245 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.311 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.389 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.480 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.570 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.659 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.751 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.842 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.928 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.009 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.096 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.180 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.346 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.447 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.525 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.614 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.700 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.775 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.853 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.012 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.075 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.151 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.250 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.340 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.403 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.487 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.572 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.725 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.813 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.899 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.977 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.040 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.118 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.201 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.376 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.462 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.542 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.622 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.684 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.131 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.795 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.870 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.122 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.972 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.042 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.109 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.174 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.249 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.321 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.400 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.481 s
Avg fps 10.482419842432334
Rollout 2
episode_return=np.int64(32), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(2), env_max_reward=3, Success: False, Max : 2
BOX_POSE[0] [0.16834814 0.44141647 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.137 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.277 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.357 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.419 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.499 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.562 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.629 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.699 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.819 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.876 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.951 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.031 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.121 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.189 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.261 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.346 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.428 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.510 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.592 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.122 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.694 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.780 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.858 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.123 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.961 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.112 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.285 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.361 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.422 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.504 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.572 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.654 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.730 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.911 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.974 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.047 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.125 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.153 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.243 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.305 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.398 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.569 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.647 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.739 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.869 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.945 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.023 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.098 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.252 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.336 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.123 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.439 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.535 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.625 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.695 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.755 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.838 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.925 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.015 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.087 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.118 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.369 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.531 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.630 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.706 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.791 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.878 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.967 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.138 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.227 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.312 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.388 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.456 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.625 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.710 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.804 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.892 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.041 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.109 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.180 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.261 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.341 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.423 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.505 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.122 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.682 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.747 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.838 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.921 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.989 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.499 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.468 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.546 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.627 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.713 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.889 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.956 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.037 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.105 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.235 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.313 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.395 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.543 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.636 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.703 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.788 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.882 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.977 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.048 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.129 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.195 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.278 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.363 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.430 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.517 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.598 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.678 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.760 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.824 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.901 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.997 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.090 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.178 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.268 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.356 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.442 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.516 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.607 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.691 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.772 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.840 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.919 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.007 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.094 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.187 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.276 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.348 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.414 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.474 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.562 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.649 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.714 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.805 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.886 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.950 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.125 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.202 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.276 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.365 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.432 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.512 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.576 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.638 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.719 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.792 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.861 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.939 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.025 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.107 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.121 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.208 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.281 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.372 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.442 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.525 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.616 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.702 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.877 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.022 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.126 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.128 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.196 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.332 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.412 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.490 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.575 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.654 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.723 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.796 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.889 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.958 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.040 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.121 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.211 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.280 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.354 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.335 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.669 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.744 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.812 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.880 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.949 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.020 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.095 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.250 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.320 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.385 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.611 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.676 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.744 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.815 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.900 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.974 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.124 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.192 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.256 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.330 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.394 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.532 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.596 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.674 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.746 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.914 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.986 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.062 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.204 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.275 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.347 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.430 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.492 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.571 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.656 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.736 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.871 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.943 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.013 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.094 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.169 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.247 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.341 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.413 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.492 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.556 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.632 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.712 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.800 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.871 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.936 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.017 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.092 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.160 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.231 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.380 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.528 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.599 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.675 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.746 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.819 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.898 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.959 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.029 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.110 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.252 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.326 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.383 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.438 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.493 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.544 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.584 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.631 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.682 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.740 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.794 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.927 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.007 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.067 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.133 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.287 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.368 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.454 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.601 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.655 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.708 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.371 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.060 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.129 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.198 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.267 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.335 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.402 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.470 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.542 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.677 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.748 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.796 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.843 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.901 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.971 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.031 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.092 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.158 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.233 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.294 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.361 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.430 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.491 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.578 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.657 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.720 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.790 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.853 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.994 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.125 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.194 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.261 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.345 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.131 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.457 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.130 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.567 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.637 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.705 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.791 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.871 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.945 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.111 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.187 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.265 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.333 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.396 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.532 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.600 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.685 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.755 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.874 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.999 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.061 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.120 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.174 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.226 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.287 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.338 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.400 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.472 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.555 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.626 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.698 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.775 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.929 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.028 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.109 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.274 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.356 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.448 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.528 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.601 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.687 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.768 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.851 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.921 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.055 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.126 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.180 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.291 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.361 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.430 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.497 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.571 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.644 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.712 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.786 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.854 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.925 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.999 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.075 s
Avg fps 10.036550232098742
Rollout 3
episode_return=np.int64(12), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(2), env_max_reward=3, Success: False, Max : 2
BOX_POSE[0] [0.07843083 0.4364513  0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.055 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.121 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.255 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.329 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.399 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.469 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.562 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.738 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.870 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.026 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.108 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.180 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.249 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.315 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.387 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.449 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.511 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.578 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.638 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.705 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.800 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.860 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.917 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.993 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.063 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.124 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.193 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.256 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.310 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.370 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.414 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.455 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.514 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.560 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.610 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.659 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.725 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.783 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.841 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.938 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.983 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.103 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.153 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.321 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.384 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.441 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.513 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.579 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.653 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.720 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.780 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.843 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.895 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.950 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.996 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.060 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.123 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.342 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.420 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.615 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.688 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.764 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.844 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.913 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.980 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.046 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.112 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.181 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.168 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.329 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.407 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.477 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.543 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.674 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.743 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.821 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.882 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.951 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.027 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.107 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.177 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.250 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.318 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.381 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.454 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.526 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.603 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.668 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.735 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.345 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.059 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.129 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.196 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.274 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.369 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.453 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.524 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.590 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.133 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.703 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.169 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.853 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.164 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.996 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.077 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.152 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.360 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.443 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.601 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.690 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.773 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.846 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.917 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.992 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.044 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.088 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.140 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.258 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.318 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.444 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.509 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.588 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.644 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.720 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.786 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.862 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.940 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.022 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.102 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.181 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.256 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.328 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.405 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.482 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.125 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.671 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.750 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.827 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.902 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.971 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.035 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.116 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.198 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.284 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.364 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.435 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.493 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.558 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.614 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.671 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.759 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.848 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.052 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.217 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.288 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.122 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.390 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.465 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.537 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.618 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.714 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.785 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.852 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.925 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.998 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.062 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.116 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.172 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.225 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.292 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.366 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.423 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.489 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.561 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.626 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.710 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.788 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.869 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.949 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.025 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.094 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.169 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.247 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.325 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.397 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.461 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.407 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.848 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.973 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.022 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.078 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.127 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.185 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.244 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.303 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.361 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.427 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.496 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.062 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.538 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.638 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.704 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.805 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.850 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.910 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.964 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.026 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.083 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.141 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.220 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.319 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.372 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.413 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.464 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.526 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.570 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.614 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.062 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.657 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.710 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.757 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.800 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.847 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.919 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.965 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.028 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.097 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.158 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.234 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.306 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.370 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.455 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.522 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.604 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.690 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.765 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.841 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.010 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.099 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.169 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.242 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.309 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.387 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.465 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.672 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.141 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.793 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.864 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.941 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.017 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.098 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.168 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.241 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.324 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.400 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.491 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.564 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.648 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.713 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.773 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.834 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.908 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.968 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.040 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.119 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.205 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.342 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.420 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.498 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.571 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.644 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.721 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.787 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.934 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.011 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.095 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.173 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.249 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.312 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.454 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.401 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.836 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.896 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.978 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.046 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.115 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.177 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.247 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.321 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.392 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.480 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.553 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.643 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.713 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.786 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.856 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.009 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.075 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.137 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.205 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.270 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.340 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.402 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.469 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.601 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.677 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.745 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.809 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.877 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.956 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.025 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.083 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.154 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.274 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.349 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.405 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.475 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.546 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.601 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.667 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.763 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.839 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.908 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.142 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.229 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.296 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.356 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.442 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.526 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.597 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.124 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.774 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.844 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.921 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.197 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.401 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.478 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.572 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.634 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.701 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.779 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.859 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.932 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.008 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.073 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.242 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.328 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.404 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.482 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.568 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.629 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.686 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.759 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.823 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.903 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.989 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.114 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.174 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.237 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.299 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.371 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.436 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.514 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.579 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.727 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.795 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.856 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.923 s
Avg fps 10.656385922034065
Rollout 4
episode_return=np.int64(495), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(3), env_max_reward=3, Success: True, Max : 3
BOX_POSE[0] [0.01391642 0.57706744 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.058 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.137 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.195 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.259 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.323 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.401 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.475 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.624 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.694 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.907 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.980 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.048 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.119 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.203 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.269 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.335 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.401 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.524 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.578 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.630 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.062 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.672 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.715 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.770 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.835 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.896 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.943 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.996 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.099 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.153 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.213 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.279 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.341 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.411 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.479 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.542 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.604 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.671 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.739 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.864 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.927 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.985 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.033 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.082 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.136 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.190 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.247 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.319 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.378 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.460 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.521 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.588 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.684 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.756 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.830 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.900 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.966 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.047 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.119 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.181 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.247 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.354 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.417 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.476 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.531 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.582 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.629 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.684 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.741 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.856 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.912 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.977 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.034 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.087 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.137 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.186 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.286 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.338 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.381 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.440 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.499 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.555 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.611 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.669 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.733 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.782 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.833 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.901 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.958 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.011 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.107 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.372 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.459 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.514 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.568 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.617 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.666 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.717 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.773 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.821 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.887 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.008 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.082 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.142 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.202 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.318 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.371 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.423 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.481 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.539 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.600 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.665 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.741 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.830 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.911 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.976 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.042 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.112 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.178 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.333 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.413 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.486 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.560 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.651 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.730 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.790 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.867 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.950 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.024 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.101 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.177 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.234 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.358 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.430 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.503 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.580 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.719 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.776 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.852 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.923 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.988 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.072 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.139 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.162 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.333 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.412 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.563 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.632 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.709 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.800 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.969 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.045 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.188 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.253 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.327 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.403 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.475 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.558 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.628 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.684 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.747 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.812 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.884 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.941 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.994 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.132 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.284 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.345 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.411 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.490 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.572 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.654 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.725 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.796 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.877 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.948 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.024 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.096 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.173 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.250 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.330 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.399 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.468 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.419 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.867 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.937 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.006 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.072 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.129 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.265 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.329 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.396 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.473 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.545 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.616 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.694 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.776 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.922 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.989 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.054 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.140 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.221 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.294 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.365 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.428 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.504 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.566 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.625 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.677 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.734 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.850 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.918 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.979 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.044 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.193 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.276 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.357 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.429 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.508 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.581 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.676 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.827 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.894 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.966 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.034 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.083 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.128 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.177 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.226 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.278 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.349 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.404 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.509 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.562 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.612 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.661 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.725 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.777 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.827 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.894 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.967 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.031 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.099 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.152 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.204 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.254 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.313 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.380 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.436 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.497 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.556 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.610 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.672 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.738 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.867 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.924 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.072 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.134 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.207 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.291 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.351 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.412 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.479 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.540 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.612 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.131 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.723 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.792 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.917 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.000 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.090 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.169 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.232 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.300 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.369 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.433 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.441 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.854 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.941 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.015 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.077 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.227 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.298 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.369 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.427 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.491 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.557 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.650 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.723 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.786 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.861 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.122 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.962 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.044 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.187 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.251 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.130 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.361 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.430 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.537 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.586 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.632 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.693 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.743 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.793 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.862 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.919 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.969 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.021 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.086 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.149 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.207 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.261 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.316 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.390 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.467 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.563 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.710 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.778 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.846 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.913 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.984 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.111 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.158 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.202 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.245 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.291 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.344 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.393 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.446 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.514 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.652 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.699 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.763 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.829 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.904 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.974 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.031 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.086 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.163 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.221 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.279 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.349 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.424 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.487 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.544 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.629 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.707 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.788 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.851 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.920 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.013 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.086 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.152 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.215 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.301 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.376 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.442 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.525 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.594 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.667 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.736 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.795 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.864 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.012 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.086 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.162 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.240 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.324 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.405 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.486 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.564 s
Avg fps 11.012359394437386
Rollout 5
episode_return=np.int64(25), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(2), env_max_reward=3, Success: False, Max : 2
BOX_POSE[0] [0.18622869 0.48308619 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.062 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.134 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.214 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.286 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.358 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.429 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.484 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.590 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.645 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.695 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.750 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.804 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.858 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.939 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.018 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.091 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.177 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.345 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.431 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.517 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.600 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.679 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.761 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.843 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.915 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.984 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.038 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.087 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.059 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.126 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.059 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.165 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.214 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.323 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.370 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.422 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.469 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.521 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.598 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.656 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.723 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.794 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.862 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.936 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.003 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.080 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.165 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.307 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.124 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.411 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.483 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.534 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.584 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.630 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.681 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.722 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.769 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.817 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.862 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.905 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.954 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.063 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.997 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.045 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.089 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.143 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.201 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.328 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.403 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.477 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.557 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.636 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.721 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.798 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.878 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.956 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.017 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.082 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.161 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.372 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.442 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.516 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.585 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.657 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.714 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.764 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.859 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.912 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.956 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.061 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.998 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.048 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.099 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.153 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.207 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.255 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.315 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.362 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.657 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.713 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.771 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.833 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.943 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.999 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.131 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.183 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.239 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.388 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.461 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.529 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.605 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.679 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.756 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.819 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.879 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.005 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.068 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.134 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.203 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.294 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.391 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.479 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.555 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.626 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.705 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.776 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.850 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.933 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.011 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.096 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.165 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.249 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.318 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.459 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.535 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.610 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.128 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.718 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.790 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.880 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.949 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.021 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.089 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.242 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.317 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.403 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.473 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.535 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.607 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.666 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.727 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.877 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.942 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.099 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.162 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.225 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.307 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.380 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.453 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.521 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.579 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.698 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.767 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.903 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.995 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.069 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.150 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.227 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.291 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.138 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.409 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.498 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.566 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.633 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.706 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.776 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.915 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.981 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.127 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.283 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.358 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.428 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.511 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.581 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.661 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.743 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.457 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.255 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.329 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.399 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.480 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.549 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.615 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.678 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.736 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.805 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.882 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.948 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.008 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.071 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.134 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.209 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.272 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.346 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.418 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.559 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.638 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.702 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.769 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.828 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.924 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.053 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.120 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.184 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.336 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.396 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.458 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.536 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.602 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.665 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.728 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.791 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.854 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.926 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.020 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.098 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.171 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.244 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.314 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.378 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.436 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.513 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.599 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.666 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.728 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.813 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.895 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.981 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.054 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.204 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.268 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.332 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.394 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.455 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.516 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.574 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.636 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.708 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.767 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.843 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.905 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.044 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.121 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.188 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.256 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.319 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.474 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.637 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.705 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.786 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.864 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.947 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.022 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.088 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.169 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.244 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.332 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.414 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.502 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.596 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.673 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.747 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.827 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.892 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.956 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.093 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.157 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.221 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.289 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.383 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.651 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.717 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.783 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.862 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.010 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.092 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.155 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.224 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.308 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.373 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.434 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.498 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.571 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.646 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.719 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.781 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.838 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.907 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.972 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.043 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.104 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.166 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.233 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.295 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.362 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.436 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.521 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.583 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.668 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.735 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.878 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.940 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.076 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.139 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.275 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.333 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.395 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.461 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.526 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.600 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.675 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.749 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.874 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.015 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.082 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.150 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.222 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.298 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.364 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.426 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.493 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.569 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.648 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.709 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.781 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.855 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.930 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.015 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.077 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.143 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.203 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.363 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.435 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.495 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.553 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.631 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.702 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.764 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.829 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.951 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.019 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.086 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.156 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.220 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.355 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.421 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.484 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.545 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.668 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.726 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.785 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.905 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.967 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.028 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.094 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.158 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.306 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.386 s
Avg fps 10.780304949355676
Rollout 6
episode_return=np.int64(465), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(3), env_max_reward=3, Success: True, Max : 3
BOX_POSE[0] [0.1964055  0.46792754 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.055 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.205 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.268 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.327 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.400 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.476 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.560 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.622 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.714 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.781 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.856 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.920 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.983 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.041 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.253 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.325 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.405 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.486 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.559 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.618 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.680 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.760 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.834 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.910 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.990 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.053 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.178 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.235 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.305 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.363 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.421 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.477 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.534 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.607 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.688 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.759 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.822 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.880 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.953 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.035 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.092 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.166 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.226 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.313 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.383 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.455 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.518 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.590 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.653 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.722 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.867 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.930 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.992 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.059 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.133 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.197 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.263 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.327 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.403 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.466 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.667 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.726 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.802 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.868 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.929 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.998 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.076 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.154 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.228 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.309 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.390 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.482 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.606 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.677 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.752 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.813 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.886 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.973 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.054 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.120 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.187 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.257 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.322 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.455 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.522 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.672 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.733 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.808 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.875 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.933 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.354 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.267 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.355 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.435 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.503 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.565 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.627 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.690 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.756 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.823 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.884 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.950 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.012 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.090 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.206 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.279 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.342 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.411 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.471 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.551 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.650 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.725 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.807 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.989 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.055 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.197 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.275 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.349 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.420 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.508 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.592 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.660 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.726 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.817 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.885 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.948 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.037 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.111 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.175 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.266 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.395 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.480 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.553 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.611 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.672 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.744 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.837 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.904 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.980 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.062 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.138 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.301 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.372 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.446 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.515 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.585 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.651 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.715 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.777 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.836 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.911 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.978 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.039 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.127 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.187 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.326 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.407 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.475 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.545 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.606 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.678 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.747 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.822 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.889 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.966 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.045 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.124 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.188 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.249 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.307 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.396 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.479 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.564 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.719 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.785 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.859 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.988 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.044 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.104 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.194 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.259 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.323 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.406 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.469 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.854 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.933 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.007 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.088 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.173 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.247 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.330 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.413 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.486 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.550 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.628 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.690 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.850 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.909 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.991 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.070 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.137 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.286 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.352 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.425 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.497 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.573 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.643 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.715 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.793 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.858 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.939 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.001 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.077 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.142 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.198 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.254 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.321 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.408 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.480 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.543 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.623 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.689 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.757 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.829 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.901 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.958 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.032 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.089 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.238 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.300 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.367 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.441 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.501 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.575 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.650 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.727 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.789 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.850 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.926 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.992 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.076 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.154 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.215 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.292 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.353 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.429 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.496 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.572 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.637 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.701 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.780 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.841 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.996 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.074 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.137 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.215 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.296 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.362 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.422 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.514 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.594 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.657 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.737 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.812 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.885 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.960 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.035 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.110 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.184 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.261 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.412 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.498 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.580 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.656 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.739 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.807 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.877 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.948 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.011 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.457 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.449 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.505 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.555 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.610 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.673 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.727 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.773 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.821 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.870 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.065 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.915 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.979 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.036 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.099 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.155 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.213 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.273 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.347 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.421 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.503 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.591 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.742 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.810 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.888 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.972 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.056 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.126 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.307 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.363 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.415 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.511 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.586 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.653 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.727 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.795 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.866 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.010 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.087 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.168 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.234 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.395 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.466 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.529 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.610 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.685 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.759 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.821 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.889 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.960 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.039 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.106 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.176 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.245 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.337 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.422 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.497 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.566 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.647 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.728 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.814 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.893 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.974 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.054 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.130 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.285 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.357 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.435 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.514 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.583 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.654 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.714 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.777 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.838 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.893 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.951 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.011 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.084 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.149 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.310 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.384 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.451 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.589 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.665 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.743 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.888 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.029 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.093 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.157 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.234 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.298 s
Avg fps 10.526102537951376
Rollout 7
episode_return=np.int64(448), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(3), env_max_reward=3, Success: True, Max : 3
BOX_POSE[0] [0.07237541 0.40702118 0.05       1.         0.         0.
 0.        ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.061 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.139 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.204 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.280 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.349 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.412 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.556 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.630 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.698 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.760 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.843 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.919 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.986 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.142 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.208 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.283 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.353 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.433 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.498 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.573 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.648 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.721 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.796 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.860 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.930 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.006 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.082 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.157 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.222 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.292 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.354 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.416 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.480 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.558 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.641 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.712 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.788 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.856 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.929 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.006 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.075 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.151 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.238 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.311 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.379 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.443 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.498 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.567 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.633 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.699 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.893 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.961 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.026 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.093 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.163 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.233 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.301 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.386 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.474 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.541 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.666 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.762 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.824 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.879 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.944 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.996 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.064 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.128 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.184 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.254 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.324 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.395 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.452 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.505 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.582 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.656 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.715 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.772 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.850 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.918 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.982 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.054 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.118 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.274 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.337 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.425 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.491 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.567 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.638 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.708 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.775 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.913 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.977 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.328 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.286 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.364 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.450 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.528 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.694 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.785 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.862 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.940 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.009 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.083 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.158 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.238 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.311 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.388 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.528 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.605 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.675 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.743 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.815 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.879 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.066 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.925 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.984 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.042 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.102 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.193 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.261 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.335 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.407 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.478 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.619 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.688 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.761 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.906 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.991 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.139 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.302 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.376 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.452 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.526 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.603 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.678 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.757 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.838 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.914 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.990 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.070 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.155 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.314 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.399 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.478 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.558 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.726 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.809 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.879 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.937 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.005 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.072 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.132 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.202 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.262 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.324 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.398 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.477 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.547 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.617 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.673 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.736 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.792 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.849 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.919 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.982 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.042 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.109 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.180 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.267 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.400 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.470 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.528 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.591 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.650 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.713 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.782 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.847 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.915 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.978 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.040 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.093 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.140 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.204 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.260 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.313 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.364 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.657 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.731 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.788 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.064 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.831 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.879 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.068 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.927 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.978 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.041 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.096 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.204 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.267 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.321 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.384 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.457 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.585 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.654 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.724 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.803 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.872 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.935 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.074 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.990 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.046 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.104 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.155 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.283 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.357 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.423 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.504 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.571 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.710 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.777 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.983 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.050 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.265 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.336 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.415 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.488 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.552 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.636 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.709 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.776 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.844 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.917 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.996 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.061 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.121 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.197 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.272 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.329 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.071 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.380 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.439 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.503 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.586 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.742 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.813 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.892 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.957 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.029 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.096 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.161 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.235 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.310 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.373 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.439 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.508 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.585 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.648 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.711 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.792 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.870 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.922 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.975 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.030 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.089 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.154 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.223 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.296 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.366 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.431 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.502 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.576 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.750 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.831 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.908 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.986 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.128 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.189 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.246 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.354 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.664 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.728 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.802 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.859 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.921 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.991 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.057 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.110 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.165 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.216 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.362 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.414 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.471 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.531 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.592 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.649 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.078 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.708 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.760 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.067 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.807 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.070 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.857 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.912 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.965 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.026 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.095 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.255 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.337 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.416 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.498 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.568 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.712 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.784 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.873 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.950 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.027 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.110 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.283 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.362 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.443 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.518 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.611 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.129 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.720 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.787 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.856 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.017 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.126 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.123 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.192 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.269 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.342 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.422 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.496 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.573 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.656 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.732 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.820 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.897 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.983 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.058 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.130 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.265 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.330 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.404 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.471 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.544 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.615 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.684 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.760 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.832 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.901 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.975 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.135 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.224 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.298 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.376 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.465 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.553 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.624 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.694 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.769 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.838 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.913 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.979 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.048 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.108 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.177 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.253 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.324 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.403 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.482 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.570 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.639 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.712 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.784 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.859 s
Avg fps 10.626659879592886
Rollout 8
episode_return=np.int64(0), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(0), env_max_reward=3, Success: False, Max : 0
BOX_POSE[0] [0.1314507 0.5531366 0.05      1.        0.        0.        0.       ]
rendering True
fps_rendering True
network warm up done
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 0 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.061 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 1 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.138 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 2 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.218 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 3 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.290 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 4 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.355 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 5 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.418 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 6 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.482 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 7 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.548 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 8 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.616 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 9 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.679 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 10 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.745 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 11 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.829 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 12 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.905 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 13 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 0.984 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 14 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.062 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 15 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.139 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 16 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.218 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 17 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.304 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 18 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.378 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 19 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.450 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 20 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.522 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 21 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.589 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 22 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.669 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 23 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.755 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 24 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.826 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 25 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.895 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 26 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 1.973 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 27 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.027 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.069 s at step 28 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.077 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 29 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.141 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 30 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.218 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.072 s at step 31 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.270 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 32 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.338 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 33 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.407 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 34 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.474 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 35 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.546 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 36 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.613 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 37 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.708 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 38 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.786 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 39 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.841 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 40 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.907 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 41 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 2.981 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 42 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.046 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 43 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.124 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 44 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.210 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 45 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.287 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 46 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.369 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 47 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 48 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.531 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 49 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 50 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.685 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 51 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.756 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 52 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.824 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 53 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.880 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.073 s at step 54 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.933 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.076 s at step 55 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 3.989 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 56 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.046 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 57 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.107 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 58 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.166 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 59 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.225 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 60 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.289 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 61 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.356 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 62 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.423 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.080 s at step 63 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.482 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 64 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.556 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 65 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.634 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.075 s at step 66 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.689 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 67 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 68 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.834 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 69 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.901 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 70 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 4.977 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 71 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.059 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 72 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 73 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.219 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 74 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.285 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 75 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.368 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.125 s at step 76 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.473 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 77 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.554 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 78 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.625 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 79 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.725 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 80 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.808 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 81 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.899 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 82 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 5.965 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 83 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.052 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 84 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.122 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 85 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.205 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 86 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.280 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 87 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.357 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 88 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.428 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 89 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.506 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 90 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.587 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 91 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.666 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 92 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.748 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 93 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.826 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.077 s at step 94 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.883 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 95 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 6.958 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 96 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.022 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 97 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.089 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 98 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.154 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 99 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.231 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.439 s at step 100 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.650 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 101 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.729 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 102 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.801 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 103 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.882 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 104 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 7.951 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 105 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.018 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 106 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.087 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 107 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.170 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 108 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 109 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.301 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 110 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.387 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 111 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.454 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 112 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.528 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 113 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.605 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 114 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.664 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 115 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.739 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 116 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.806 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 117 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.896 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 118 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 8.961 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 119 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.028 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 120 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.097 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 121 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.197 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 122 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.276 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 123 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.358 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 124 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.437 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 125 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.521 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 126 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.598 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 127 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.689 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 128 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.753 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 129 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 130 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.906 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 131 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 9.968 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 132 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.048 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 133 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.123 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 134 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.182 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 135 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.250 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 136 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.322 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 137 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.402 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 138 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.463 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 139 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.541 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.085 s at step 140 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.606 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 141 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.678 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 142 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.751 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 143 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.835 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 144 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.906 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 145 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 10.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 146 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.073 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 147 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.167 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 148 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.253 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 149 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.345 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.123 s at step 150 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.448 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 151 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.522 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 152 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.614 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 153 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.676 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 154 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.753 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 155 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.834 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 156 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.896 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 157 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 11.961 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 158 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.041 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 159 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.114 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 160 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.191 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 161 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.275 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 162 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.359 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 163 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.438 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 164 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.506 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 165 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.578 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 166 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.670 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 167 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.742 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 168 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.833 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 169 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.911 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 170 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 12.988 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 171 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.051 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 172 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.133 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 173 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.199 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 174 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.267 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 175 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.354 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 176 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.441 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 177 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.528 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 178 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.608 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 179 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.701 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 180 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.781 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 181 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.853 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 182 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 13.929 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 183 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.012 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 184 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.079 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 185 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.163 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 186 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.246 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 187 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 188 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.418 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 189 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 190 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.566 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 191 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.651 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 192 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.739 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 193 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.833 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 194 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 14.922 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.111 s at step 195 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.013 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 196 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.101 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 197 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.188 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 198 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.268 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 199 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.338 s at step 200 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.648 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 201 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.732 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 202 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.811 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 203 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 204 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 15.952 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.113 s at step 205 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.045 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.119 s at step 206 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.144 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 207 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.241 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 208 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.323 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 209 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.409 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 210 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.483 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 211 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.561 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 212 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.640 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 213 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.718 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 214 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.785 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 215 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.865 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.108 s at step 216 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 16.953 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 217 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.022 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 218 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.097 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.116 s at step 219 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.193 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 220 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.270 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 221 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.351 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 222 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.426 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.079 s at step 223 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.485 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 224 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.553 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 225 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.639 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 226 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.718 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 227 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.791 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 228 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.864 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 229 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 17.946 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 230 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.032 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 231 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.101 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 232 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.181 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.091 s at step 233 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.252 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 234 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.331 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.086 s at step 235 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.397 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 236 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.476 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 237 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.553 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 238 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.631 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 239 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.708 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.129 s at step 240 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 241 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.903 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.104 s at step 242 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 18.987 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.117 s at step 243 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.084 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 244 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.176 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 245 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.254 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 246 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.330 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 247 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.404 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 248 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.483 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 249 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.563 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 250 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.637 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.121 s at step 251 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.738 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 252 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.818 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.115 s at step 253 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.913 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 254 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 19.992 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.101 s at step 255 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.072 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 256 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.146 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.088 s at step 257 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.214 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 258 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.286 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 259 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.365 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 260 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.441 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 261 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.524 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 262 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.593 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 263 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.680 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 264 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.758 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 265 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.837 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 266 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.916 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 267 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 20.996 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.114 s at step 268 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.090 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 269 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.159 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 270 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.226 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 271 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.311 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 272 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.397 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 273 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.476 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.093 s at step 274 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.549 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 275 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.625 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 276 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.713 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 277 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.792 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.112 s at step 278 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.884 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 279 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 21.964 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.110 s at step 280 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.053 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 281 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.139 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 282 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.219 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 283 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.293 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 284 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.380 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 285 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.460 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.105 s at step 286 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.545 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 287 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.609 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 288 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.681 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.106 s at step 289 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.767 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 290 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.854 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 291 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.923 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 292 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 22.994 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.090 s at step 293 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.065 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.109 s at step 294 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.153 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.097 s at step 295 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.230 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.084 s at step 296 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.295 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.083 s at step 297 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.358 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.094 s at step 298 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.432 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.100 s at step 299 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.513 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.352 s at step 300 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.845 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.096 s at step 301 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 23.920 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.102 s at step 302 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.081 s at step 303 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.063 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 304 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.142 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 305 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.220 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.089 s at step 306 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.289 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.082 s at step 307 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.351 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.095 s at step 308 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.426 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.092 s at step 309 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.497 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.107 s at step 310 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.584 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.087 s at step 311 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.651 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.098 s at step 312 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.729 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.099 s at step 313 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.807 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.103 s at step 314 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 24.890 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.208 s at step 315 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.078 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.622 s at step 316 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 25.680 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.713 s at step 317 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.374 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.212 s at step 318 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.566 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.161 s at step 319 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.707 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.141 s at step 320 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.828 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.144 s at step 321 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 26.952 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.175 s at step 322 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.107 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.130 s at step 323 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.217 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.138 s at step 324 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.335 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.133 s at step 325 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.448 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.144 s at step 326 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.572 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.129 s at step 327 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.681 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.144 s at step 328 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.805 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.120 s at step 329 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 27.905 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.141 s at step 330 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.026 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.138 s at step 331 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.145 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.139 s at step 332 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.263 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.124 s at step 333 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.367 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.136 s at step 334 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.483 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.174 s at step 335 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.637 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.139 s at step 336 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.756 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.145 s at step 337 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 28.881 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.140 s at step 338 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.002 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.252 s at step 339 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.234 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.155 s at step 340 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.369 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.171 s at step 341 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.519 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.144 s at step 342 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.643 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.137 s at step 343 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.760 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.177 s at step 344 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 29.917 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.152 s at step 345 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.049 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.135 s at step 346 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.164 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.144 s at step 347 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.288 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.202 s at step 348 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.470 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.135 s at step 349 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.585 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.135 s at step 350 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.700 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.174 s at step 351 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.854 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.129 s at step 352 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 30.963 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.153 s at step 353 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.096 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.143 s at step 354 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.219 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.153 s at step 355 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.352 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.129 s at step 356 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.461 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.130 s at step 357 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.570 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.139 s at step 358 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.689 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.137 s at step 359 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.807 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.144 s at step 360 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 31.931 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.128 s at step 361 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.038 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.182 s at step 362 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.200 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.139 s at step 363 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.319 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.140 s at step 364 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.439 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.136 s at step 365 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.556 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.165 s at step 366 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.701 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.143 s at step 367 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.824 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.124 s at step 368 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 32.928 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.140 s at step 369 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.048 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.137 s at step 370 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.164 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.204 s at step 371 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.349 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.138 s at step 372 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.467 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.132 s at step 373 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.579 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.125 s at step 374 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.684 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.134 s at step 375 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.798 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.144 s at step 376 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 33.922 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.127 s at step 377 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.029 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.142 s at step 378 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.151 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.140 s at step 379 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.271 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.154 s at step 380 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.406 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.132 s at step 381 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.518 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.148 s at step 382 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.646 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.129 s at step 383 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.755 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.137 s at step 384 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.872 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.139 s at step 385 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 34.991 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.147 s at step 386 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 35.117 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.138 s at step 387 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 35.236 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.148 s at step 388 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 35.364 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.155 s at step 389 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 35.499 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.142 s at step 390 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 35.621 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.135 s at step 391 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 35.736 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.160 s at step 392 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 35.876 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.149 s at step 393 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 36.005 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.172 s at step 394 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 36.157 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.150 s at step 395 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 36.287 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.140 s at step 396 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 36.406 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.158 s at step 397 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 36.544 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.123 s at step 398 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 36.647 s
fps_rendering True
Warning: step duration: 0.138 s at step 399 longer than DT: 0.02 s, culmulated delay: 36.766 s
Avg fps 8.805888915537802
Rollout 9
episode_return=np.int64(0), episode_highest_reward=np.int64(0), env_max_reward=3, Success: False, Max : 0

Success rate: 0.3
Average return: 148.7

Reward >= 0: 10/10 = 100.0%
Reward >= 1: 7/10 = 70.0%
Reward >= 2: 7/10 = 70.0%
Reward >= 3: 3/10 = 30.0%

policy_last.ckpt: success_rate=np.float64(0.3) avg_return=np.float64(148.7)

